---
featured: false
repo_link: 'https://www.google.com/'
date: '2020-10-06'
title: 'Project 2 first copy'
cover_image: './images/1.jpg'
demo_link: 'https://google.com/'
techs: ['Javascript', 'Html5', 'Css3', 'React']
---

 This is a dummy project that isn't featured. This is a dummy project that isn't featured. This is a dummy project that isn't featured. This is a dummy project that isn't featured. This is a dummy project that isn't featured. This is a dummy project that isn't featured. This is a dummy project that isn't featured. This is a dummy project that isn't featured. This is a dummy project that isn't featured. This is a dummy project that isn't featured. This is a dummy project that isn't featured. This is a dummy project that isn't featured. This is a dummy project that isn't featured. This is a dummy project that isn't featured. This is a dummy project that isn't featured. This is a dummy project that isn't featured. This is a dummy project that isn't featured. This is a dummy project that isn't featured. This is a dummy project that isn't featured. This is a dummy project that isn't featured.  This is a dummy project that isn't featured. This is a dummy project that isn't featured. This is a dummy project that isn't featured. This is a dummy project that isn't featured. This is a dummy project that isn't featured. This is a dummy project that isn't featured. This is a dummy project that isn't featured. This is a dummy project that isn't featured. This is a dummy project that isn't featured. This is a dummy project that isn't featured. This is a dummy project that isn't featured. This is a dummy project that isn't featured. This is a dummy project that isn't featured. This is a dummy project that isn't featured. This is a dummy project that isn't featured. This is a dummy project that isn't featured. This is a dummy project that isn't featured. This is a dummy project that isn't featured. This is a dummy project that isn't featured. This is a dummy project that isn't featured.